We put forth all of our efforts.
We're satisfied with our victory in the school festival.
Oh?
It seems to have been a very close one.
Only because the E Class had a battle plan.
Winning by a huge margin would have been nearly im—
Incorrect.
They were running a restaurant.
It's easy enough to spread nasty rumors,
and a case of food poisoning would have ruined them.
You neglected the more... harmful options.
Is he for real?
"Harmful"? Were we supposed to poison the E Class's food?!
Sir, your education is flawed.
I don't know how,
but the E Class has grown stronger by leaps and bounds in just one year—
enough to compete with us, the chosen A Class.
As irritating as it is, I feel my abilities have grown as well.
I cannot deny that they have become my motivation.
These mighty foes, my min—
I mean, friends—such connections have made me stronger.
You were totally going to say "minions"!
One does not become strong by winning over the weak.
That's my conclusion—and it is where I diverge from the path you teach.
Asano-kun, could you leave us for about three minutes?
I'd like to speak with your four friends here.
You know. Just a little chat.
Go on, Asano-kun. What's three minutes?
What's going on?
You may enter, Asano-kun.
Ren! Seo!
Kill the E Class, kill the E Class, kill the E Class...
What... What did you...
I merely fanned the flames of their hatred.
It only takes a whispered word or three for those "connections" of yours to collapse.
The strength I teach is nothing so fragile.
I'll handle the end-of-term finals.
Without strength, you lack both meaning and merit.
I'll teach you exactly that—from square one.
For as long as I can remember,
my house has been a classroom.
My father was the teacher... and I his student.
And when he had nothing in particular to teach me,
we didn't talk at all.
Oh, stop here, please.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Good to see you're as well as ever.
This town, though... Change is in the air. I can feel it.
Times like these, I stand to make a good sum of money...
so here's some pocket change for you too.
For your favorite game of chance.
That's the only way you can feel the joy of being alive—
though I am the one who taught you that.
Just a moment, here.
Could you repeat that?
I need another billion.
This assassination is really warming up, wouldn't you say?
Who knows what could happen.
I must consider the risks to my students...
and it costs money to keep secrets.
I've lived here a long time, so I can tell.
You're moving ahead with a major plan of some sort.
But that doesn't mean—
Enough, Sonokawa.
How many times will we be shaken down for more hush money?
By the time March rolls around, we'll have paid him more than the bounty!
Remember, he's graciously allowing us to use this school.
Wire it to my account, if you please.
What shrewd instincts.
He even picked up on the final assassination project in progress here.
He's quite a man,
having the entire Ministry of Defense in the palm of his hand.
All right, it's time to show what we've done for the past year.
Next up is the classwork battle.
Are you prepared to take the top spot, Karma-kun?
Gee, I dunno. Idiots like me don't understand hard stuff.
For your first-term midterms,
I gave everyone the goal of making the top fifty.
I apologize for that.
I was too impatient for results,
and I didn't count on your opponents being so strong.
But things are different now.
You've matured in mind and spirit.
You should be able to meet your goals in the face of any plot or setback.
With heads held high, you will all make the top fifty,
you will receive your tickets back to the main campus,
and you will graduate as the E Class.
If only it were that easy.
Huh?
The A Class has a new teacher...
and you won't believe who it is.
As of today, I'll be taking over your lessons.
Good luck, A Class.
So that's what it's come to.
Honestly, I want no part of his brainwashing curriculum.
His weird charisma, controlling people with a word or a glance...
His teaching skills put him on a par with our Mach-20 Korosensei.
Nrrrgh!
If he's their teacher...
then they've probably already lost the will to defy him.
It's ten times easier to understand than our usual lessons...
but twenty times faster!
Hashizume-kun, Tanaka-kun, Fujii-san, Kondou-san, Okuno-san...
You seem a little behind.
Huh?
How can he tell with his back to us?!
l-lt's just too fast!
Maybe if we were at the Big Five's level, but this is impossible for us!
You think it's impossible because you don't understand why you must fight.
Why don't you join me in the hallway for three minutes?
Let's have a little chat.
Kill the E Class, kill the E Class, kill the E Class...
Your studies are not just for your own sake.
You will grow even more powerful than the E Class has, and you will demolish them.
And when the lower grades witness your glorious victory,
they'll know you, the A Class, are the ones in the right,
and they will aspire to join your ranks.
Your hard work will elevate all of humanity.
Oh, and Asano-kun? You can go home and study on your own.
With your skills, you'll retain the top spot if you simply stay on your guard.
I will lead your other classmates upward.
You know, they're kind of similar—
the principal and Korosensei.
How so?
They both have extraordinary powers, but they're just regular teachers.
With the principal's quick wits, he could have been prime minister or a business bigshot.
But he's devoted himself to education at just one academy.
No wonder he's so unrelenting.
Huh? It's Asano-kun.
What do you want?
You're not the kind of guy who'd run recon on us.
It pains me to say this... but I have a request.
I'll cut to the chase.
That monster...
I want you to kill him.
Not physically, of course.
Kill his educational policies.
His education policies? Like... how?
Easy. I want you, the E Class, to dominate the top spots in the next end-of-term exams.
I'll be in first place, of course,
but excellent grades mean nothing coming from an excellent student.
For detritus like you to surpass the A Class, though—
that would ruin his stance on education.
Asano-kun, I've heard about the chilly relationship between you two.
Are you trying to attract his attention by denying his methods?
Don't misunderstand.
"Be strong enough to kick even your father down."
That's what he always taught me... and that has been my guiding philosophy.
I don't know about anyone else, but that's always been our parent-child relationship.
However, I can't say the same for the other, lesser students.
Right now, A Class is hell.
That is all for today.
Remember to review.
Kill the E Class, kill the E Class, kill the E Class...
He's making them study far beyond their limits, with only their hatred of the E Class to sustain them.
If they win like that,
it'll be the only method they'll trust from now on.
You can only gain so much strength through hating, scorning, and misleading your foes.
Even opponents like you will still give them trouble.
They'll still be my flunkies in high school.
But if my flunkies' strength is lopsided,
they won't be able to support me, the ruler.
Sometimes defeat can open one's eyes.
So please, show my friends and my father a proper defeat.
He's not hiding his arrogant nature,
because he's speaking from his heart.
This big ball of pride named Asano-kun is bowing to us.
He's really, truly worried about someone who isn't him.
Huh? Is this really the time to be worrying about others?
You're not taking first place. I am.
I told you: next time the E Class won't go easy on you.
I'll be number one, with the rest of the class right under me.
I'd say tenth place or so should suit you, Asano-kun.
Ooh, Karma said it! He's taking first place!
Just don't let it turn out like it did last time.
At least try to do better than me, okay?
Asano,
we've been trying our best to win all along,
and this time is no exception.
That's how it's always been for both us and the A Class.
We're happy if we win, frustrated if we lose.
No need for ranks beyond that.
Isn't that enough?
We'll do our best so you can all be glad you had the chance to take us on.
Don't overthink it.
Just come at us like you want to kill us.
That's what makes it fun.
How amusing. Then I'll fight with my gloves off, too.
Th-These are all for the math exam?!
Yeah, the principal said to put together the hardest questions out of all this material.
And this is a junior-high exam?!
You could get into a mediocre college with this!
How high is he trying to raise the students' level?
Hmm?
Ah, it's unusual to see you here.
I haven't done anything wrong, Korosensei.
Yes, I know. You always prefer orthodox methods in the end.
You wouldn't resort to cheap tricks this late in the game.
This will most likely be our last educational battle.
Here. Consider it a thank-you for accepting the challenge from me here as I am.
Korosensei, this is the first school you've taught at, correct?
How can you tell?
You're a bit amateurish.
You won't say a word about why you became a teacher...
Perhaps you'll tell me once I win.
There’s not much to tell.
Broadly speaking, there are only two reasons a person feels the desire to teach something:
either he wants to pass on his successes,
or he wants to warn of his failures.
Which is it for you, Principal Asano?
I wonder.
The second-term finals were one week away.
We studied our butts off,
asking Korosensei's clones anything we didn't understand.
He had his tentacles so full with us
that his clones got really bent out of shape.
Then the day of battle arrived.
Kill the E Class, kill the E Class, kill the E Class...
That's a hell of a look in their eyes.
The A Class is probably psyching themselves up.
You sure you can beat 'em, Karma?
Who knows?
If any of them really do plan to kill me, that might slow me down.
It was time for the fated showdown between students
whose bloodlust had been cultivated by two monsters.
We prepared to slay each other on this paper battlefield!
If we got shoddy results here...
we probably wouldn't be able to hold our heads high
even if we did pull off the assassination.
In our assassination classroom,
where we kill and our teacher teaches,
we had found our second blades—just as he taught us.
If we couldn't tell our target as much,
we couldn't graduate!
Time's up!
It's no good. I couldn't get through 'em.
Not only are the questions hard, there are way too many!
The listening comprehension test was insane.
Even Bitch-sensei doesn't have that kind of vocabulary!
It's only the first exam, and we're already exhausted.
And English was my best subject!
Uh-oh. These exams are the real deal.
The grade-average line must be far lower than ever before.
If even one person in our grade manages to get a perfect score, it'll be a miracle.
Which means these exams will make our standings perfectly clear!
Take that!
So how's the A Class doing?
I peeked in on 'em during the break,
and boy, were they seething.
They were insanely focused on the test!
I guess that's how strong the power of hatred can be.
Never mind that! Look out!
We have ourselves to worry about!
Ritsu-san?!
I heard all about it. We all gotta make the top fifty.
Who're you?
Oh, it's the fake Ritsu-san.
The real Ritsu-san broke it down like this:
reaching that goal hinges on lower-scorers like me working hard.
We're just gonna have to go for it!
Begin!
With the unusual number and difficulty of these questions,
you have to decide how to pace yourself the second you see them.
If you hesitate about where to strike,
you'll be cornered before you know it.
Seems the one we were most worried about is doing all right.
Is Terasaka for real?
It's a die probability problem.
He's crushing it by using brute force to go through all the potential answers one by one.
Aren't you supposed to use a combination formula?
Nah, that's a good strategy for a simple, honest lunkhead like him.
If you hesitate while fishing around for efficiency,
sometimes it's faster to score the first strike and crush them all the second you see the question.
When you're faced with this here and this here,
don't hesitate—just use the strategy I've just taught you.
Simplicity is your forte.
A feat of strength like this suits you best! Squish squish!
That damn octopus!
Just 'cause I'm an idiot don't mean he can treat me like one!
We could stand to learn from that uncool display of his.
Yeah.
We are the End Class, after all!
No time for acting cool—we gotta do it quick and dirty!
Zero in on our target's weakness right away.
The more you hit it, the weaker it'll get!
Even if you don't get the right answer...
...if your approach is correct...
...you can at least pick up...
...partial credit!
All right! That probably did the trick!
No time to review! Move on! Next!
Hey, now...
Recurrence relations, right before the end?!
I thought they only existed in rumors.
How could one show up on a junior-high exam?!
Yikes! Mayday, mayday!
M-My ammo's not ready!
I-It's not working!
Karma!
You have to take it to a particular solution.
I taught you how last week.
In addition to lectures,
this time I had the students instruct each other in their strongest subjects.
By teaching someone else, you deepen your own understanding—
and, more than anything, you strengthen teamwork along the way.
It had an immediate effect on Karma-kun in particular,
patching over his gaps and giving him a more perfect finish.
But that Asano boy's an overachiever, too.
Yes.
No longer the one responsible for improving his class,
he put those efforts into polishing his own blade instead.
That's another way to attain strength.
Even I don't know which is better.
Everyone, just calm down and solve it.
You should at least get partial credit.
I'll get a full-marks answer in your place.
Now, then... How shall I finish him off?
English
Social Studies
Science
Japanese
Mathematics English
Mathematics
Fake Ritsu-san Last Midterm Rank: 88th out of 186
m 141 463 l 449 463 449 668 141 668
Okano Hinata 108th out of 186
m 114 39 l 347 39 347 140 114 140
Maehara Hiroto 101st out of 186
Sugaya Sousuke 126th out of 186
m 116 39 l 347 39 347 142 116 142
Kimura Masayoshi 91st out of 186
m 116 39 l 347 39 347 140 116 140
Terasaka's Math Notes
m 550 303 l 639 297 626 224 542 221
High High High High High High
High High High High
m 334 249 l 397 239 395 302 332 300
Jr.High Jr.High Jr.High Jr.High
Jr.High Jr.High
m 851 270 l 912 282 935 204 853 193 828 203
Jr.High Jr.High Jr.High Jr.High
Jr.High Jr.High School Festival
School Festival School Festival
School Festival Overall Results
Overall Results Overall Results
Overall Results
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
The moon that floats in the night sky
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
I went to touch it: it was warm
sotto furete mita atatakakute And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo
Assassination Classroom Second Season Kayano Kaede
11th Period Takebayashi Koutarou
Finals Time (2nd Period)